Sometimes it would make sense to check what people are actually passing in your route parameters, for
example, with this post route, you might expect this idea to be a number so you can verify that.
And by verifying, I mean specifying unconstrained that if something else done the number would be passed,
then this route won't be matched.
So let's see how we can do it.
For every route parameter.
You can define such constraints.
But first you have to add our work function call, which accepts an array and in disarray.
You will specify keys as the route parameters and constraints would be the values of those keys.
So in this example, we have an idea route parameter.
So the value should be a regular expression.
Now, if you don't know much about regular expressions, I'll give you some links where you can learn
more about them.
It's a very, very popular feeling to match strings anyway, to check if something is a number.
We will define a set of characters from zero to nine and use plus to identify something that should
have a length of at least one.
This would essentially match a number.
Now, let me save the changes.
Go back here when I refresh.
This works perfectly because five is a number.
Sorry.
Does not this route.
All right.
So post slash one.
OK, so this works.
That is a number.
But if I would specify something like this, we don't have a route march.
So when you put constraints like this, then you wouldn't have to verify inside your function if someone
has passed and the correct value for the route parameter that we expect, you can just do that using
these constraints before it even gets to the function body.
Now, sometimes there might be cases where you are certain and specific route parameter should always
have the same constraint, for example, very often I.D. a number.
So it might make sense to just specify this constraint in one single place, not in every case where
you would use Unidine inside route parameter.
So to define this globally, you will open another file, you can do that using Command P on Mac or
control P on Windows.
This should show this window and find a route service provider.
That's this one in app providers find the boots method.
It should be around this line.
Go to the bottom and here you can use the root glass and it's static pattern method to define such constraints.
So we are saying that whenever you see a root parameter called I.D., you should use this specific constraint
for it.
So we expect it to be a number.
Now, if you go back to the Web file, you can now comment about this fragment using command, forward
slash or control, forward slash, save the changes.
And now this this constraint is in place for every root parameter called Idy.
You now don't really have to add this work call, so let's verify that it works for a number.
But if you try using a string, you will have 404 not found.
Also, you might want to check out this website is very interesting and useful for trying out regular
expressions, if you would like to learn more about them.